🚀 SANCHESI AI: Ultimate Glassmorphism Desktop Assistant
SANCHESI AI is a sophisticated desktop application that combines the power of High-Performance LLMs (via Groq API) with a stunning, modern Glassmorphism user interface built entirely in Python.

Unlike standard AI wrappers, SANCHESI AI features a custom-engineered UI engine using Tkinter and Pillow to achieve real-time transparency, blurred panels, and dynamic emotional states.

✨ Key Features
🎨 Next-Gen UI/UX
Native Glassmorphism: Custom "GlassButton" and "StyledToplevel" classes that simulate frosted glass and transparency.

Dynamic Backgrounds: Real-time generated linear gradients that adapt to window resizing.

Markdown Support: Rich text rendering including bold, italics, headers, and syntax-highlighted code blocks.

🧠 Intelligence & Personalities
Groq API Integration: Blazing fast responses using models like Llama 3 or Mixtral.

Modular Personalities: Switch between roles like Energetic Teacher, Wise Philosopher, Technical Expert, and more.

Contextual Emotions: The AI detects the mood of the conversation and updates its avatar and status (Happy, Thinking, Surprised, etc.).

🎙 Multimedia & Voice
STT (Speech-to-Text): Hands-free interaction using the SpeechRecognition library.

TTS (Text-to-Speech): High-quality Ukrainian and English voice synthesis via gTTS and pygame.

Auto-Voice Mode: Toggle automatic reading of every AI response.

🗂 Session Management
Multi-Chat Support: Create, rename, and switch between different chat threads.

Auto-Save: All conversations are locally cached in JSON format within the /sessions folder.

Backups: Built-in tool to export and secure your chat history.

🛠 Tech Stack
Language: Python 3.10+

GUI: Tkinter (Standard Library)

Graphics: Pillow (PIL) for advanced transparency and image processing.

AI Engine: Groq Python SDK.

Audio: gTTS (Google Text-to-Speech) & pygame.mixer.

Speech: SpeechRecognition & PyAudio.

🚀 Installation & Setup
1. Clone the Repository
Bash
git clone https://github.com/sanchesi/sanchesi-ai.git
cd sanchesi-ai
2. Install Dependencies
Bash
pip install groq pillow gTTS pygame SpeechRecognition PyAudio
Note: If you are on Linux, you may need sudo apt-get install python3-tk.

3. Configure API Key
Open the script and locate the API_KEY variable:

Python
API_KEY = "your_groq_api_key_here"
4. Assets Setup
Ensure you have an avatars/ folder in the root directory with the following images (80x80px recommended):

avatar_neutral.png, avatar_happy.png, avatar_thinking.png, avatar_sad.png, etc.

🖥 Usage
Sending Messages: Type in the bottom input field and press Enter or click Send.

Voice Input: Click the "Listen Now" button in the sidebar to speak.

Tools: Use the sidebar to generate poems, stories, or code snippets with one click.

Management: Right-click or use the sidebar to rename chats or clear history.

📜 License
Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.
